Give an overview of code generation in developer doc (#346)
google/agi: DEVDOC.md

`gapil/README.md`. AGI currently supports only Vulkan, but its ancestor GAPID
was designed to support arbitrary graphics APIs. Vulkan is described by API files
located under `gapis/api/vulkan/`, the top-level file is
`gapis/api/vulkan/vulkan.api`.

`.tmpl` files are template files. The templating language is documented in
`gapis/api/templates/README.md`. There are various template files in the project
to generate code for the interceptor, server, replayer, Vulkan layers, etc.

APIC is a GAPIL compiler, its entry-point is defined in `cmd/apic/` and the
actual compiler logic is defined in `gapil/`. In a nutshell, APIC parses the
`.api` files to gather information about the graphics API, and then instantiates
the templates in the `.tmpl` files to generate code.

### Where does the generated code end up?

The generated code is not checked under version control. It is generated at
compilation time by Bazel rules calling APIC, resulting in files that can be
seen under e.g. `bazel-bin/`.

For instance, generated C++ code for the interceptor can be found in:

```
user@machine:~/work/agi$ find -L bazel-bin -name '*_spy_*.cpp'
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_0.cpp

> bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_subroutines_1.cpp

Reviewer: Thank you!

### Java

> TODO

## Code generated at compile time

> A big amount of code is generated at compile time. Code is typically generated
> via APIC (API Compiler, `cmd/apic/`). APIC takes as input `.api` and `.tmpl`
> files, and it generates code in another language like Go, C++ or Java.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A large amount of code is generated at compile time. Code is typically generated
via APIC (API Compiler, `cmd/apic/`). APIC takes as input `.api` and `.tmpl`
files, and generates code using go's [templating system](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/).
```

Technically, APIC can generate other things than code and we don't actually generate any Java code. I don't think listing the languages helps here.

Author: OK for "large", not for the templating language: it is go templating systems with several AGI-sepcific extensions, so I leave it to the description of `.tmpl` files which comes further down.

```

               +----------+
  foo.api  --->|          |
               |   APIC   |---> foo.go (or foo.cpp, or foo.java, ...)
  foo.tmpl --->|          |
               +----------+

> 

Reviewer 2: This makes it look like the `.api`, `.tmpl`, and output files all need to be named the same. It also makes it sound like there can be only one of each. I would change it to:
`<.api files>`, `<.tmpl files>` for the input and `<generated files>` for the output.

(Since, technically, there is only one `.api` and one `.tmpl` file provided, and the "multiple" files part is done via imports, I'd accept `<.api file>` and `<.tmpl file>`, but for someone browsing the source this seems like a technicality, rather than representative of what it actually looks like).

Author: done

```

> `.api` files are gapil ("graphics API language") sources. Gapil is a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.api` files are GAPIL ("graphics API language") sources. GAPIL is a
```

Author: done

domain-specific language to specify a graphics API, it is documented in
`gapil/README.md`. AGI currently supports only Vulkan, but its ancestor GAPID

> was designed to support arbitrary graphics API. Vulkan is described by API files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
was designed to support arbitrary graphics APIs. Vulkan is described by API files
```

Author: done

located under `gapis/api/vulkan/`, the top-level file is
`gapis/api/vulkan/vulkan.api`.

`.tmpl` files are template files. The templating language is documented in
`gapis/api/templates/README.md`. There are various template files in the project

> to generate Go, C++ and Java code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to generate code for the interceptor, server, replayer, Vulkan layers, etc.
```

Author: done

> APIC is a gapil compiler, its wrapper command is defined in `cmd/apic/`, but the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
APIC is a GAPIL compiler, its entry-point is defined in `cmd/apic/` and the
```

Author: done

actual compiler logic is defined in `gapil/`. In a nutshell, APIC parses the

> `.api` files to gather information about the graphics API, and then instanciates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.api` files to gather information about the graphics API, and then instantiates
```

Author: done

the templates in the `.tmpl` files to generate code.

> ### Where does the generated code ends up?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Where does the generated code end up?
```

Author: done

The generated code is not checked under version control. It is generated at
compilation time by Bazel rules calling APIC, resulting in files that can be
seen under e.g. `bazel-bin/`.

> For instance, generated C++ code related to the interceptor spy layer can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, generated C++ code for the interceptor can be
```

Author: done

found in:

```
user@machine:~/work/agi$ find -L bazel-bin -name '*_spy_*.cpp'
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_0.cpp
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_subroutines_1.cpp
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_subroutines_0.cpp
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_2.cpp
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_3.cpp
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_helpers.cpp
bazel-bin/gapii/cc/vulkan_spy_1.cpp
```

> This is one of the reason why it's good to use the `cmd-gofuse` setup: it
> enables developers to see generated code where it would logically reside for
> compilation, under the `<agi-gofuse>` directory, alongside the code that is
> under version control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get a unified file tree view, interleaving source files with generated files, you
can use the `cmd-gofuse` setup. `cmd-gofuse` will link the generated source files
in the same directories as their siblings in the same packages/namespaces.
```

I don't think it needs to be explained that generated files are not checked in, and this uses a bit of a more objective tone.

Author: done
